what's up savages last night I went to
the casino and suffice it to say I look
like but my mind hasn't stopped
racing ever since AGL cancelled their
10k event which is going to be next
weekend and it made me really sit down
and say I need the community on this I
can't do it on my own so without further
ado let's begin ladies and gentlemen to
Gandhi salts brought to my mind
nutrition I am Gandhi and today as I
just talked about in the beginning ajo
10k is cancelled everyone does that
everyone's kind of pissed off now when
that event was canceled though a lot of
companies decide on a lot of people
decided we don't want halo to go out on
this note now I had a couple of
different companies kind of reach out to
me and I have one that's very very
credible who I would completely work
with now the event would kind of be like
my event with this company and the main
thing I'm worried about is the time
frame as to when we would have the
effect we would be looking at having the
event basically won a break either early
January or late December hence winter
break and the main thing I want to avoid
is I don't want to do an event for 16
teams that's that's not happening if
it's going to be an event with basically
my face on in this company who I can't
disclose face on it I don't want to have
an event with under 32 teams period now
where would it be we'd be looking either
st. Louis or battlefield monks I think
we're leaning more towards st. Louis now
keep in mind this is all hypothetical
and we have no idea if it's going to
happen or not but when I look at it you
know call duty ghost is coming out
November a lot of people are going to be
looking at that the stakes for call duty
ghosts you're going to be much higher
than anything with halo 3 and I don't
want people I want people's honest
opinion of if they would attend the
event or not now with that said I'd be
looking at I'd be okay with 32 teams but
really i'm looking for 64 teams showing
up for halo 3 I think it's possible yes
now regardless I think we would have a
flat prize money so no matter what it
would be hey you're guaranteed this but
it's going to be a hundred percent pay
out and will crunch all the numbers for
you regardless of the team so you know
that no one's pocketing money I'm not
here to make money
this company eventually is designed to
make money but we the reason why I want
to work with this company is is they
both or we both care about the halo
community we want to give you guys the
last event that you deserve and that
deserve is in like oh this is the final
one but you know Kayla for events aren't
looking good can halo three events
they'll kind of thrive on for the time
bein sure why not but really I mean
everyone is going to be waiting for the
new halo and everyone else is going to
be playing call duty ghosts and then
titanfall at battlefield there's a lot
of games coming out here and it's not
looking good for halo 4 so this is this
would kind of be like the last goodbye
to halo on the xbox 360 and I think it
deserves it but my main thing is like I
said I'm not hosting an event for 16
teams it's just not happening so this is
what I need from you guys here 1feedback
on the location the locations are
basically set in stone can have its
sorry it is what it is second question
would you attend I know it's very easy
to hit like on this video no it's very
easy to retweet or favor to tweet I need
a definitive period answer if you would
attend this event I would completely do
this event but like i said if it's my
face on there and it's my first time I
would running an event with this company
then I don't want it to be a failure so
please let me know my email is in my
twitter it's scott Lussier 594 @
gmail.com so my Twitter's right there so
you can find it on Twitter comment on
the video like the video tweet me I
don't care just let me know if you would
do it other than that I love you but I
don't love it take it